# Recruitment Analytics Dashboard

# Overview
This repository contains the code and analysis for a Recruitment Analytics Dashboard. The dashboard is designed to provide insights into the recruitment process, including source-wise hiring, decline reasons, and the distribution of candidates across various recruitment stages.

# Key Features
Source-wise Hiring Distribution:

Visualizes the percentage of candidates hired from different recruitment sources using a pie chart.

Decline Reason Analysis:

Analyzes the distribution of decline reasons for job applications using a table.

Recruitment Stages Pipeline:

Visualizes the distribution of candidates across key recruitment stages using a donut chart.

# Usage

To use the Dashboard:

Report-Dashboard_045008.ipynb

Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/Python_Project_Term-2_Dashboard.git

Run the Code-

1.Installing Streamlit:

!pip install streamlit -q

This code installs the Streamlit library in the Google Colab environment.

2.Getting IP Address:

!wget -q -O - ipv4.icanhazip.com

This code retrieves the public IP address, which you might use as a passcode when accessing the dashboard later.

3.Running Streamlit App and LocalTunnel:

!streamlit run app.py & npx localtunnel --port 8501

!streamlit run app.py runs the Streamlit app in the background.

& allows the next command to be executed in parallel.

npx localtunnel --port 8501 exposes the locally running Streamlit app to a public URL using localtunnel.

After running these commands, you should see a link generated by localtunnel, something like: https://few-vans-double.loca.lt/.

# Important Note: 

Make sure that your Google Colab runtime remains active while accessing the link, as closing the Colab notebook may stop the localtunnel connection.

Also, remember to replace app.py with the actual name of your Streamlit application file. If your application is named differently, update the command accordingly.
